Update the README to reflect changes in upstream (#299)
gitpod-io/openvscode-server: README.md

```bash
docker run -it --init -p 3000:3000 -v "$(pwd):/home/workspace:cached" gitpod/openvscode-server
```

> - Visit the URL printed in your terminal. Just going to port 3000 won't work, because VS Code requires that you provide a uniquely generated security token to prevent unauthorized access. You can learn how to change and disable this behavior by reading [A note about security tokens

Reviewer: Here it should be just `Visit the URL printed in your terminal.`

](#a-note-about-security-tokens). You will need to add these adjustements to the [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/gitpod-io/openvscode-releases/blob/HEAD/Dockerfile) and build it.

For those using docker-compose you can set a connection token by using `command`. For example:

```yaml
command: --connection-token yourTokenHere

> ```

Reviewer: For docker compose, if user wants to use token, I think they can use `entrypoint` in the yaml to override the entrypoint from docker image

Or, as mentioned previously, you can do the following to disable auth via connection tokens:

```yaml
command: --without-connection-token
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove this

### Linux

- [Download the latest release](https://github.com/gitpod-io/openvscode-server/releases/latest)
- Untar and run the server
	```bash
	tar -xzf openvscode-server-v${OPENVSCODE_SERVER_VERSION}.tar.gz
	cd openvscode-server-v${OPENVSCODE_SERVER_VERSION}
	./bin/openvscode-server # you can add arguments here, use --help to list all of the possible options
	```

  From the possible entrypoint arguments, the most notable ones are

> 	- `--port` - the port number to start the server on, this is 3000 by default

Reviewer: We should mention `--without-connection-token` too and point out that this is the default in the docker image
```suggestion
	- `--port` - the port number to start the server on, this is 3000 by default
	- `--without-connection-token` - used by default in the docker image
```

	- `--connection-token` & `--connection-secret` for securing access to the IDE, you can read more about it in [Securing access to your IDE](#securing-access-to-your-ide).
	-  `--host` - determines the host the server is listening on. It defaults to `localhost`, so for accessing remotely it's a good idea to add `--host 0.0.0.0` to your launch arguments.

- Visit the URL printed in your terminal.

_Note_: You can use [pre-releases](https://github.com/gitpod-io/openvscode-server/releases) to test nightly changes.

### Securing access to your IDE

> Since OpenVSCode Server v1.64, you can access the Web UI using a connection token, which prevents unauthorized access (by default anyone can access the IDE using just the hostname and port). If you start the server with `--connection-token YOUR_TOKEN`, the provided `YOUR_TOKEN` will be used and the authenticated URL will be displayed in your terminal once you start the server. If you want your development environment to be even more secure, create a plaintext file with the desired token as its contents and provide it to the server with `--connection-secret YOUR_SECRET_FILE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since OpenVSCode Server v1.64, you can access the Web UI without authentication (anyone can access the IDE using just the hostname and port), if you need some kind of basic authentication then you can start the server with `--connection-token YOUR_TOKEN`, the provided `YOUR_TOKEN` will be used and the authenticated URL will be displayed in your terminal once you start the server. You can also create a plaintext file with the desired token as its contents and provide it to the server with `--connection-secret YOUR_SECRET_FILE`.
```

```bash
tar -xzf openvscode-server-v${OPENVSCODE_SERVER_VERSION}.tar.gz
cd openvscode-server-v${OPENVSCODE_SERVER_VERSION}

> ./bin/openvscode-server # you can add arguments here, use --help to list all of the possible options

Reviewer: Here add clarification that by default the server listens to localhost only, so what users want usually is use `--host 0.0.0.0`

```

- Visit the URL printed in your terminal. Just going to port 3000 won't work, because VS Code requires that you provide a uniquely generated security token to prevent unauthorized access.

#### A note about security tokens

> Since OpenVSCode Server v1.62, you can access the Web UI using a connection token generated by the server. If that's not what you're looking for, and instead want to generate these tokens by yourself, start the server with `--connection-token YOUR_TOKEN` to force your secret to be used. If you want your development environment to be even more secure, create a plaintext file with the desired token as its contents and provide it to the server with `--connection-secret YOUR_SECRET_FILE`. By default, a token will always be generated.

Reviewer: State here that since v1.64 we use `--without-connection-token` by default, if user wants to use a token then can modify the dockerfile or use docker compose `entrypoint` option

> Although it is advised to use these tokens, for testing purposes or workflows with other forms of authenthication, you can pass `--without-connection-token` to the executable to disable this functionality.

Reviewer: Remove this, now we use --without-connection-token by default
